hi this is Michael and this is a review
of the Belkin few civ this is a really
super thin but yet really powerful
wireless bluetooth speaker it's only 0.7
inches thick and it's packaged really
interestingly here so it slides out of
the box and then this is the speaker
itself it comes in a very nice
protective case you can see this it's
got a nice full-length zipper on it and
there's sort of the black on black
Vulcan logo here in the corner so this
is a size is about it's about ten inches
by about six and a half inches and it's
about an inch thick this opens up you
get a card here which describes the
functions and the buttons on the speaker
itself you also get a USB to micro USB
cable that's used to charge the battery
and the speaker and that's in a nice
little velcro strap here right on the
side of the inside of the case and then
here is this amazing and I don't use
that word to huffin little speaker look
how thin that is so this is the entire
speaker grille on the one side and the
other side is just plastic with the logo
and then there's a handle that swivels
all the way around 360 degrees on the
top row is buttons this is the on/off
switch it's a sliding switch this is a
little microphone for the hands-free
then there's an LED indicator here shows
you whether powers on and whether you're
in bluetooth pairing mode then you've
got the track selection forward and
backward playing pause button and then
over here is the volume plus and minus
on the side is the bluetooth pairing
button and then the auxiliary in now
when you first turn the speaker on it
does not automatically go into bluetooth
pairing mode you do need to push the
bluetooth pairing button for about five
seconds
and makes tones makes really cool
sounding tones they're not obnoxious
they're just very clever and here's the
startup tone and here's the turning off
tone now this speaker also this button
here cycles through several different
modes music video party office music so
you have several sort of presets as far
as the tone and I love that the speaker
can just stand on its stand or you can
just carry it it's very versatile but
you know what I love most about the
speaker is how awesome it sounds so let
me get a little bit of music playing
here so you can hear that it's also got
a very good hands-free in it
[Music]
you got to accent jus with the positive
really great sound now I know that what
my camcorder is recording and plus with
all the processing of the video you're
not going to get any anywhere near an
idea of how good this really actually
sounds when I turned this on and started
listening to it for the first time
literally my jaw just dropped it was
like I cannot believe the full Rick
sound is coming out of this very thin
little speaker the hands-free function
works very well as well and both
receiving and placing calls it's really
one of the better hands freeze I had
this on a table and there were several
people in the room and they were you
know anywhere from two feet away to
maybe five or six feet away and it
picked up everyone really well so
hands-free works great on this now you
can start and stop music you can change
tracks so the versatility is there and
for hands-free you do hear your phone
ring through the speaker which is nice
awesome little speaker I just really
love it I just like the form factor it's
just one of those cool little things and
the fact that it comes with this really
nice carry case protective case just
seals the deal for me and the speaker is
charged by the micro USB port that's
located right at the top of the handle
right here it's a wonderful little
speaker very easy to carry
lovely case great sound love it if you
have any questions leave me a comment
I'll answered if I can otherwise thanks
for watching have a great day